STANDARD FONT LICENSE

Copyright © 1999 by Samuel Reynolds.  All rights reserved.


DEFINITIONS

"Package" refers to the file or collection of files distributed by the 
Copyright Holder.

"Copyright Holder" is whoever is named in the copyright statement or 
statements for the package.

"You" is you, if you're thinking about using, copying, or distributing the 
Package.

"Reasonable copying fee" is whatever you can justify on the basis of media 
cost, duplication charges, time of people involved, and so on.  (You will 
not be required to justify it to the Copyright Holder, but only to the 
computing community at large as a market that must bear the fee.)

"Freely Available" means that no fee is charged for the item itself, though 
there may be fees involved in handling the item.  It also means that 
recipients of the item may redistribute it under the same conditions they 
received it.

TERMS

The Copyright Holder reserves all rights to the Package.

The Copyright Holder grants you the following non-exclusive rights to the 
Package:

1.  You may use the font or fonts in the Package for typesetting, screen 
presentation, and other normal typographic purposes with no restriction.

2.  You may make and give away verbatim copies of the Package without 
restriction, provided that you include all of the original copyright 
notices and associated disclaimers.

3.  You may charge a reasonable copying fee for distribution of this 
Package.  You may charge any fee you choose for support of this Package.  
You may not charge a fee for this Package itself.  However, you may 
distribute this Package in aggregate with other (possibly commercial) 
programs as part of a larger (possibly commercial) software distribution 
provided that you do not advertise this Package as a product of your own, 
and that you include in your documentation, at some location where users 
are likely to see it, all of the original copyright notices, as well as an 
internet URL where they can download the Package (i.e., 
http://www.spinwardstars.com/scrfonts/).

4.  You may not create or distribute modified or derivative versions of the 
fonts in this Package.

5.  You may not sell the Package or its elements, or otherwise exchange 
them for compensation of any form.

6.  You may not include the Package in any for-profit collection of fonts, 
regardless of distribution method or medium, without express written 
permission from the author.  However, you may include the Package in a 
Freely Available collection of shareware and/or freeware fonts.

7.  The name of the Copyright Holder may not be used to endorse or promote 
publications or products that aggregate or use this Package or its elements 
without specific prior written permission from the Copyright Holder.

If you wish to arrange other terms, please contact the Copyright Holder.


DISCLAIMER

THE PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
